you can't help but want to cheer for
these cheerleaders this is the pirate
all-star cheerleading special needs
squad
here's 13 year-old Alyssa gage she also
cheers on the Bern Knox Westerlo JV
basketball cheer squad favorite part the
cheer part yeah oh it's just
exhilarating for her she has lots of fun
it's good physical exercise for her to
get her legs get going she walks all
over the place she just enjoys it here's
Krista chasin she's 12
what's your favorite part about it yeah
the jumps no are you are you really
really good at it yeah so coming here
and being able to work with the girls
I've coached since I was a little kid
but this potato is a different meaning
to cheerleading
it really feels amazing and you get to
have these great relationships and see
the kids really excited about practice
and competition and the dedication that
they have all the cheerleaders have
volunteer helpers Marissa Schaefer helps
out Maria sukham we asked Marissa to ask
Maria why she comes here
my teacher is and so it's a good time
yeah yeah Kaylee Morehead comes here
with her mom Michelle Nina Brady comes
with her mom Lucy because Kaylee loves
it so much and everybody here is so
wonderful oh are you interviewing me
yeah can you do your cheer ah we come
here because it gives Nina Cristina her
an opportunity to to participate in a
program that she really wouldn't be able
to participate in any other place so it
gives her wonderful social opportunities
all this is thanks to Edward Ashe who
owns the cheer clinic and provides the
special needs program free of charge I
also love him a lot everybody likes to
help each other out between the
volunteers and the kids and the sisters
and you know even just the kids in the
gym to the other kids and these special
needs kids to the kids on other teams
everybody you know really cares about
each other and watches each other at
competition and it's stressful at times
but you know the rewards greatly
outweigh the stresses put it together
Gregg Floyd CBS 6 News